[Terra-list] Keyboard Navigation not working as expected for interactive list item (#3997)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> *Addded
>  *Added a new Example for `terra-list` Draggable List Item With Interactive Elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added
   * Added a new example for `terra-list` with interactive elements as list items.
```

Author: updated.
